What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

I do not really know what happens when you initialize a repository in a 
technical sense. However, I do know that git creates something that looks
at the directory in question (I assume any child directory files as well) 
and when in that directory git actions will be oriented on that set of 
files. It I assume treats that directories contents as a unit (a 
repository). 


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?

Staging area is a set of files. Working directory - Staging Area = untracted
files. Repository  - Staging Area = Repository | subset of Repository.

Working directory is simply the context of the Repo, Repository is the 
set of files being managed by git and their histories. Staging Area is a Set
 of files which git will add to the repo on the next commit.

Staging ground further refines the control offered by git commits. Allowing
the user to further mold what is commited, when.  

 
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
logical change?

I can see how going through the commiting process can after each change 
can become a bit of a chore. If one could make a bunch of changes and 
commit one at a time, one could have more uninterupted work and still gain
the benefit of a rich and utilizable commit history. 

Staging area affords the git user that luxury.



What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?

If branches are used to experiment with with code than many of the features
which do not workout will not be merged into the master branch and therefore
will not clutter up the master branches commit history. The history will
then be more of a representation of the progressive building of the 
codes archaitecture, rather than a record of the various wims which took
hold over the programmers whilst building the project.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They are literally visualized  as apposed to when they are in my head, where
they are not literally visualized.
That is my my first thought on what to say.
I suppose actually having  to schematically represent the commit history
forces me to fill whatever holes I have in my knoledge on how the 
structural nature of commit history. My exact understanding is a tested and
even if it is not immediately disproven, it is at least put into a concious
formulation. Than when presented with new information which contradicts that
formulation I am able to more easily pick out the faults in my mental model
of the commit history.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging to branches together is to add both commit histories
together and take the changes of each files of the branch A being merged
into branch B and put those changes into the latest commit of branch B.

We represnt the merge the way we do because the act of merging connects the
two branches at the latest commit and retains both commit histories. So
the new head is a decendant of both histories and therefore both histories
are taken present.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Well, it is certainly easier in the moment to have git automatically insert
changes to files. However that comes at the price of having to trust that
git will serve all conflicts to the user correctly. If it does miss some
conflicts, do to reasons like if some more complex conflicts such as a 
refactoring of different code which lead to extra required params, git will
have issues.

Furtermore, if a a branch really starts to differ from the master, how will
they be reintagrated? So many changes might break the code when they are 
integrated again. Therefore branches are sort of limited in size, as too 
much divulgence will raise issues.
